How do I sign in to or create an Adobe Certification Portal account?
Sign in or create an account by clicking the blue Sign in button in the top right corner of the website: Adobe Partners: If you are an Adobe partner, sign in with the same login credentials you use for your Solution Partner Portal (SPP) account. This will avoid duplicate accounts and make sure your company gets credit for your certifications. If you don’t have an SPP account, create one on the Solution Partner Portal. If you have already created an account on the Adobe Certification Portal, and you do not yet have a Solution Partner Portal account, contact Support. Students: If you are a student, create an account using your student email. This will ensure that you will receive a student discount on exam fees. For your secondary email, be sure to enter a permanent email address, so you can retain access to your account after leaving your educational institution.

How does creating an account benefit me?
Once your account is created, you can view course content as well as schedule, pay for, and take certification exams. You can also take part in community forums. Within your My Account page, you will be able to access: Your customizable dashboard Your personal profile Your courses in progress, saved courses, and completed courses Your active certifications, assigned certifications, saved certifications, and exam scores Your achievements, where you can share and download certification badges and course completion certificates Your purchase history, including receipts Adobe partners, Adobe employees, and verified students who are correctly logged in are eligible for automatic discounts on certification exam fees.

How do I customize my dashboard?
Go to My Account . Widgets from the Courses , Certifications , Achievements , and Purchases tabs can all be added to your dashboard. When you click on the Add widget to dashboard button beneath the widget, that widget will then appear on your dashboard. If you want to remove a widget from your dashboard, go to the Dashboard tab and click on the Remove widget from dashboard button.

How do I update my profile?
Go to My Account > Profile and use the Add or Change buttons . Please note that some fields in your profile can only be edited through your general Adobe account or, for partner employees only, through your Solution Partner Portal account.

What are the differences between credentials, a certificate of completion, and a certification?
Credentials are a classification of awards that specify different skill and knowledge attainment types. Certification is awarded to individuals who attain a passing score on a proctored exam. A certificate of completion is awarded to individuals who have successfully finished a course, including passing the final assessment.

How do I ask a question? Where do I go for help?
Please check our FAQ to see if your question has been answered there. You can report a problem, leave feedback, or get in touch for any other reason by visiting Contact us . The Support tab is always available at the top of the screen. Resources: View video: How to get support

What browsers are supported?
You can use the latest versions of Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Edge.

Where can I see a complete list of available courses?
To see an interactive catalog that you can filter by application, level, and job role, go to the Course Catalog . Resources: View video: Navigating the course catalog and taking a course

How do I start a course?
To browse available courses, go to Courses > Course Catalog . Filter or search, then click on the course name to open the course details page. Click on a course module to expand it, then click Start . You will need to return to the course details page to continue to the next module. Be sure to complete all modules and take the course assessment and post-course survey to receive your course completion certificate! Resources: View video: Navigating the course catalog and taking a course

Where can I find the courses that I have in progress?
Go to My account > Courses tab . The Courses in progress widget lists all courses in progress. To resume a course, go to the Actions column and click Resume . You can add the courses you have in progress to your Dashboard for easy access. To do so, click on Add widget to dashboard .

How do I save a course?
From the course page, go to Actions and select Add to Saved Courses . To find your saved courses, go to My account > Courses and go to the Saved courses widget.

What is a course completion certificate?
A course completion certificate is awarded to individuals who have successfully finished a course. To successfully finish a course, each module must be completed. This includes the review of content, knowledge checks, lab exercises, and end-of-course assessment. The system will track your progression through the course as modules are completed. Still, you must select each separate module, complete it, and then move to the next module. Once all the modules in the course are completed, including the final assessment, your downloadable course completion certification will appear in My account > Achievements .

Where do I find my course completion certificate?
Go to My Account > Achievements tab . Scroll down to the Completed courses widget. Under the Actions column, click Download certificate .

What is certification and what are the benefits?
A certification is a credential that recognizes an individual’s skill and competency in an Adobe application. A candidate who passes the certification exam becomes an Adobe Certified Professional, Expert, or Master.  Certifications require commitment, are legally defensible, and validation from Adobe of your expertise. Individual benefits may include career advancement, boosting job performance, proving your skills, gaining client trust, and increasing earning potential. When you receive an Adobe certification, you can download a digital badge to share on your social media accounts.

Where can I see a complete list of available certifications?
To see a static list alphabetical by application, go to the Certifications tab on the Certification Learn More page. To see an interactive catalog that you can filter by application, level, and job role, go to the Certification Catalog . Resources: View video: How to use the certification catalog

How do I schedule a certification exam?
Look up your exam in the Certification Catalog and click on the Learn more button. On the exam information page, go to the Schedule or take exam tab. Open the Schedule and pay for exam accordion. Under Schedule exam , click on the exam name link. If you do not already have a voucher in your account, you will need to purchase one by clicking on the Purchase voucher button and following the payment prompts. The Schedule exam button will now be available and you can choose your exam appointment date and time. You may also request accommodations at this time. You may schedule an exam up to 60 days in the future. If you schedule within the next 24 hours, you must pay a $10 fee. You may request accommodations up to 7 days before your exam appointment. Resources: View video: How to schedule, reschedule, or cancel an exam

How do I reschedule or cancel a certification exam?
Look up your exam in the Certification Catalog and click on the Learn more button. On the exam information page, go to the Schedule or take exam tab. Open the Reschedule or cancel your exam accordion. Click on the exam name link. Click on the Reschedule exam or Cancel exam button. You may reschedule up to 24 hours before your exam appointment without having to pay a fee. If you reschedule less than 24 hours before your exam appointment time, you must pay a $5 fee. You may cancel up to 24 hours before your exam appointment and retain your voucher. If you cancel less than 24 hours before your exam appointment time, you forfeit your voucher. Resources: View video: How to schedule, reschedule, or cancel an exam

How do I apply my voucher when scheduling an exam?
You don’t need to manually apply your voucher. If you have a voucher in your account, it will be automatically applied when you schedule your exam. If you do not have a voucher in your account, you will be prompted to purchase one at the time of scheduling. That voucher will then be automatically applied to your exam.

How do I track my certification status?
Go to My Account > Profile > Certifications tab . In the Active certifications widget, you will see when your certification expires. If your certification has already expired, you will find it listed in the Expired certifications widget.

My certification history is incorrect. Who do I contact?
If your certification history is incorrect on the Adobe Certification Portal , please use our Contact us page to send us a message. If you are a partner and your certification history is incorrect on the Solution Partner Portal , please submit a ticket through SPP . (To review your certification history on the Solution Partner Portal , go to your SPP profile and navigate to the Enablement section.)

There are two versions of the certification exam I want to take. How do I know which version to choose?
Certification exams are periodically updated to keep up with changes in the application. When an exam is updated, the new and old exams usually overlap for an 8-week period. If you haven’t scheduled either exam yet, we recommend that you schedule and study for the new exam. If you have scheduled the old exam and have already started studying, we recommend that you keep your exam appointment. Either way, your certification will last for two years.

Can Adobe accommodate candidates with special requirements?
Adobe can accommodate certain special requirements. You may request accommodations after scheduling your exam appointment. On that same scheduling page, click on the Request accommodations button to select your desired accommodations. The Adobe team will review your request and may ask for additional information. You may request accommodations up to 7 days before your exam appointment.

Are exams available in languages other than English?
Selected exams are available in Japanese. To find these exams, visit the Certification Catalog , go to the Languages filter, and filter by Japanese .

What applications do I need to uninstall before taking my exam?
Uninstall all remote sharing applications prior to starting your exam session, including mouse without borders and multiple screens. These applications include but are not limited to: Teamviewer, DWAgent, NVIDIA Broadcast, AnyDesk, Ultraviewer, and SPLASHTOP. You will not be allowed to take your exam with these or any such applications installed on your computer, and will forfeit your voucher.

What if I have technical issues during my proctored exam?
Adobe Support cannot help with technical issues that occur during the exam. Our proctoring vendor, Meazure Learning, provides this support instead. You can contact Meazure Learning Support using the chat icon in the Guardian browser or through this help page . If you are disconnected during your exam, you will receive an email notification from Meazure Learning Support to assist with reconnecting. Meazure Learning proctors are not permitted to offer free exam vouchers. You may reach out to Adobe Support if you were not able to take or complete your exam due to technical issues.

How can I get a copy of my score report after my exam?
Go to My Account > Certifications tab Scroll to the Completed Exams widget. You will find your downloadable score report in the Actions column.

What do I get after I pass the certification exam?
After you complete your exam, your provisional results will immediately be displayed on-screen. Within 72 hours, you will get an email confirmation of your score. You can download and share your badge from My account  > Achievements > Active certifications widget . Click on the badge icon to download a jpg. Click on Share to share to social media.

When can I attempt the certification exam again if I fail?
If you fail to pass an Adobe certification exam on your first attempt, you must wait at least 24 hours before retaking the exam. Failure to pass an exam on the second or any subsequent attempt requires a waiting period of 14 calendar days before retaking the exam.

How long do certifications last?
Adobe Certifications are valid for two years to ensure our Adobe certified individuals are current on new application features and capabilities.

Do you offer certifications at Adobe events?
Certification testing is offered at certain Adobe‐sponsored events.

Are certifications tied to specific versions of applications (for example, Adobe Experience Manager 6.5)?
No. However, because certification requires renewal every 2 years, your certification ensures that you remain current on the latest version of an Adobe application.

What is a digital badge?
After you pass a certification exam, you will receive a digital badge. This badge is personal to you and serves as tangible evidence of your proficiency with Adobe Experience Cloud products. By displaying it on your social media profiles or resume, you can showcase your skills in these applications. When someone clicks on your digital badge, they will be taken to a webpage verifying with metadata that your certification belongs to you, as well as what skills it is associated with. This allows you to prove your accomplishment to your supervisor, potential employers, and clients. Resources: View video: How to access certification badges

How do I view my digital badge?
Go to My Account . Click on the Achievements tab . Your badges appear in your Trophy case , as well as in the Active certifications section. Resources: View video: How to access certification badges

How do I share my badge?
To share your badge from your Trophy case : Go to My account . Click on the Achievements tab . Click on your badge. This will open the Credential page . Click on the logo for the social media account you would like to share to. To share your badge from the Active certifications section of your profile: Go to My account . Click on the Achievements tab . Scroll to the Active certifications widget . Click on the Share button. This will open the Credential page . Click on the logo for the social media account you would like to share to. Resources: View video: How to access certification badges

What happened to my previous digital badges?
Badges for active certifications are in My Account > Achievements tab > Trophy case widget. We are no longer issuing Credly badges. If you already have a badge in Credly, it will remain valid, and you will be able to view it in Credly until it expires. During that time, you may continue to use your Credly badge on social media, email, and resume (and anywhere else you may have it displayed), or replace it with the badge from the Adobe Certification Portal.

How can I download a PDF certificate?
Adobe no longer offers PDF certificates, as the IT industry as a whole is moving towards digital validation of active certifications.

You can download, verify, and share your badge on social media from My Account > Achievements . Resources: View video: How to access certification badges

What happened to my Xvoucher vouchers?
Any vouchers you have already purchased through Xvoucher will be available in your account on the Adobe Certification Portal on September 25, 2024 at 8:00 AM ET. You may still use these vouchers for scheduling exams. The numbers will not change even after the transition away from Xvoucher. If you are an admin, you can view your team’s vouchers in the Adobe Voucher Center . If you are an individual, you can view your vouchers on the Adobe Certification Portal in My Account > Purchases .

How do I purchase an exam voucher?
If you are an individual and wish to pay for one exam at the time of scheduling, you will be prompted to purchase a voucher on the scheduling page. The voucher will then automatically be applied to your account as exam payment. If you would like to pay for a voucher ahead of time, would like to purchase vouchers in bulk, or are an admin purchasing vouchers for your company: Go to the Adobe Certification Voucher Center . Under the Purchase vouchers tab, you will see all the voucher types available for purchase. Add the desired voucher(s) to your cart and complete the payment process. If you would like to become an admin with the ability to purchase vouchers for distribution in your company, please contact support to assign you the voucher admin role. Once the role is assigned, you may follow the above steps for making the purchase. See below in this FAQ for further information for admins. Resources: View video: How to purchase exam vouchers View video: How to manage and assign vouchers (admins)

What voucher discounts are available?
Partner discount : If you are an Adobe partner employee, you are eligible for a 33% discount. The discount will be applied automatically as long as you are logged in with your partner email. Adobe employee discount : Adobe employees pay $50 per certification exam. The price reduction will be automatic as long as you are logged in with your Adobe email. Student discount : Students are eligible for a 50% discount. Please contact our support team to validate your student status and receive your discount. Bulk discounts on vouchers : Everyone is eligible to receive a discount on bulk purchases of 10 or more vouchers. View this page for more details.

When do exam vouchers expire? How long are they good  for?
Adobe exam vouchers expire 12 months after purchase. Vouchers cannot be 
extended past their expiration date. Exam registrations must be scheduled, 
paid for, and taken before the exam voucher expiration date.

Can vouchers be refunded or returned for credit?
All sales are final. Returns and refunds are not accepted. If you use a voucher to pay for an exam, and you cancel your exam more than 24 hours before your exam appointment , that voucher’s status will change to “Unused.” You may then use that voucher for a different exam. Don’t forget that if you have a scheduling conflict with your exam appointment, you can reschedule your exam.

What kind of payments are accepted?
The different payment options are: All major credit cards accepted. Companies may pay with a purchase order. For instructions, please see
    the question below: What is the process for paying with a Purchase Order?

Is there a minimum or maximum number of vouchers I can purchase?
No, there is no minimum or maximum. Customer purchases are only limited 
based on available funds, such as a credit card limit or bank account balance for wire transfers.

How long will it take to get access to vouchers after I  place my order?
Vouchers will be available directly after purchase if paying via credit card. If paying via wire or purchase order (PO), voucher orders will be released 
once the funds are received, and not sooner.

How do I access my Adobe voucher?
Individuals: Vouchers are available within My Account > Purchases tab. You will see both vouchers you have paid for yourself, and vouchers that have been assigned to you by your company. You will also find information including date of purchase, voucher status, and which exam your voucher paid for. Vouchers are available to use immediately upon purchase. If you receive an email that a voucher has been assigned to you but do not have an account, please create one using that email to access your voucher. Administrators: If you are an administrator purchasing for others, please go to Certifications > Adobe Voucher Center to see the vouchers you have purchased. You should be able to access the Manager Vouchers and Assign Vouchers tabs and see your available inventory.

How do I use my voucher?
You will be asked to pay for your exam with a voucher when you schedule your exam appointment. At that time, your voucher will be automatically applied.

How do I apply my voucher when scheduling an exam?
You don’t need to manually apply your voucher. If you have a voucher in your account, it will be automatically applied when you schedule your exam. If you do not have a voucher in your account, you will be prompted to purchase one at the time of scheduling. That voucher will then be automatically applied to your exam.

How do I ensure that I use the correct level voucher when scheduling my exam?
If you purchase a voucher at the time of scheduling, that voucher will always match the level of the exam you are scheduling. If you already own multiple vouchers of varying levels, the voucher that matches the level of the exam will be automatically applied. Professional, Expert, and Master level vouchers will only be applied to exams with a matching level. Adobe Universal vouchers can apply to any level. For example: If the only voucher in your account is an Adobe Universal voucher, and you schedule a Professional exam, your Adobe Universal voucher will be applied to your Professional exam. If you have an Adobe Universal voucher and a Professional voucher in your account, and you schedule a Professional exam, your Professional voucher will be applied to your Professional exam. If you have an Expert voucher, and are trying to schedule a Professional exam, you will be prompted to purchase a Professional voucher.

What do I do if my voucher does not work?
Please send us a message through our Contact us page.

How do I access my invoice or order information?
Go to My Account > Purchases tab. The Purchased vouchers widget shows a list of what vouchers you have 
purchased. Under the Actions column, you can view receipts and voucher codes. A receipt will also be emailed to you at the time of purchase.

How do I assign vouchers? (administrators only)
To assign a voucher, go to the Adobe Voucher Center . If applicable, within the Manage Vouchers tab, administrators will be able to distribute vouchers to their different distribution centers. Other types of administrators will have access to the Assign Vouchers tab where they can distribute vouchers to individual accounts or do a CSV upload for bulk distribution. You can select “Active” vouchers from your available inventory and assign them to employees, or use the action button and select Assign . After assigning a voucher, the assignee will receive an email with a voucher code that can be applied at the time of scheduling within the Examity Dashboard. Admins can find this code in the Assign Vouchers tab, under Voucher Summary . Assignees can find this code in Purchases > Assigned vouchers . (Please note these functions are only available to administrators.)

What do the voucher statuses mean? (administrators only)
Active: Voucher hasn't been assigned and is still in the customer's inventory. Assigned: Voucher has been assigned, but an exam has not yet been 
scheduled. (It is possible the exam was scheduled and subsequently 
canceled by the candidate, and the voucher was returned to their account.) Scheduled: Voucher has been assigned and exam is scheduled. Used: Voucher has been assigned and exam is completed. Expired: Either the voucher was never assigned, and it has expired, or the 
voucher code was never used by the candidate before expiring.

Where do I see my team’s voucher activity? (administrators only)
An administrator who has assigned vouchers can see the activity and 
voucher statuses within the Adobe Voucher Center . Under the Assign vouchers tab, Voucher Overview shows information including voucher status, voucher level, expiration date, who the voucher was assigned to, and information about scheduled exams. If a voucher has not been assigned, it will have an Active status and will only show information such as expiration date and level. (Please note these functions are only available to administrators.)

What is the process for paying with a Purchase Order? (administrators only)
Step 1 : Complete the Rockwell Business Account Application (download application here ). You can submit the completed application here . Upon approval, you will be authorized to submit purchase orders through the Adobe Certification Portal using the PO mode in the Paddle eCommerce payment window. Step 2 : After approval, log into the Adobe Voucher Center. Step 3 : Add all necessary vouchers to your cart and select “PO Checkout” to generate a purchase order. Step 4 : Submit the purchase order for approval through the Paddle platform. Step 5 : We will review the submitted purchase order for accuracy and compliance with your agreed terms. You will be notified once your purchase order is approved. Step 6 : Paddle processes the purchase order, handles invoicing, and collects payment from you. Step 7 : Once the funds have been received, the vouchers will be issued and added to your account.